paper update: results of user study (#358)
PaulBredl/config-assistant: paper/user_study.tex

We analyse the results which we get from the survey and improve our application afterward.

\subsection{Results}

> To evaluate the user study, we get results from interviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To evaluate the user study, we first evaluate which tasks the participants could solve correctly and which not.
```
Maybe more like this?

> We conducted five user studies in total and summarize the correctness and incorrectness of answers into the table, as shown in \ref{table:Results}.

Reviewer: How did you evaluate correct or not? Because you should describe it here, it is not clear for me. Did you mark it as wrong when the first answer given was not the correct one or how? Or did you mark it wrong when the participant was only able to solve it when we gave a hint?

Author: I mark it wrong when the first answer they give was wrong.
Yes should I right a standard how we evalute correctness and in correctness? 
It's a bitte ambiguous

        \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}1. Task 3.3: Validation Errors\\
        - Tried to find validation errors in schema editor\\
        - Thought red underline was spell checking
        \end{tabular} &

        \multicolumn{2}{l|}{
            \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}1. Task 2.4: Valid value of humidity\\
            - Not found that value was invalid\\
            - Not found that he could use tooltip\\
            2. Task 3.2: Setting Vehicle Type to highest level \\
            - Not scrolling down in enum property
            \end{tabular}} \\ \hline

        User Study 5 &
        \multicolumn{1}{l|}{
            \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Accuracy: 100\%(11/11)\\
            1. Understood the tool very well\\
            2. Quickly found all errors\\
            and solved them\\
            3. Knew to use both sides of tool
            \end{tabular}} &

        \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}1. Task 3.2: \\
        - Took some time to find the vehicle type\\
        2. Task 4.2: Adding new property\\
        - Did not set the property type at the beginning
        \end{tabular} &
        \multicolumn{2}{c|}{none} \\ \hline
    \end{tabular}
\end{table*}

> 

Reviewer: Add a sentence that all participants were able to complete all tasks after we gave hints on those tasks where they were struggeling
